You need:
250gr Chinese Green Dragon self-raising flour
3gr double-acting baking powder
3gr bicarbonate of soda
1 egg
130-140ml of full-fat milk (watch the dough), if too wet add some potatoe startch
1tbsp vegetable oil

Mix in a mixer for 5min, take out and form a ball. Rub some vegetable oil inside a plastic bag to stop the dough sticking to it. Put the dough in the bag and put in fridge overnight. This method allows you to keep the dough for a long time, you don't have to cook straight away, very convenient. 

Next morning, take the dough out onto a flour sprinkled surface, hold both ends and pull the dough out elongate it. Sprinkle some flour on top to allow rolling without sticking too much to the roller. Roll it flat to the thickness of your little finger. 

Rub oil on both sides of a knife to avoid sticking, cut the dough into strip, around two finger's width (1.5 if you have a small oil pan). You can use a rectangular piece of plastic instead, about the dimension of your stretching hand and dip it in the flour before each cut. Must separate the pieces cleanly.

Get an earbud stick (people use a chopstick and soak it in a water bottle, but I thought it's too cumbersome for home cooking), soak it in the water, use it to draw a water line, lengthwise, in the middle of every other sticks (one with water line, one without). Lift up pieces without water line and place on top of the one with water line, bottom down, do not turn over, because the bottom of the piece is wetter than top. Use a chopstick to press down on the stack of pieces to force two layers sticking to one another.

Get a large and shalow cooking pan if you don't have a wok, fill vegetable oil to middle, enough to submerge the stacked pieces. Heat up and try the temperature with your chopstick, when bubble rises at the end of your chopstick, it's about right. Get a small piece of the doule to test out the temperature. If the test piece rise up immediately and not go yellow or brown then it's about right. If it's too hot, turn off the fire and rest for a while, waiting for the heat lower. 

Hold both ends of the dough piece, stretch out as you place into the oil. Wait for it to rise to the top, then use chopstick and constantly rotate the piece to get it evenly heated. Just make one piece at a time when you're at home, so you can concentrate on one piece. The sticking part of the dough should expand and stretching out with lighter colour. You can cook this twice to keep them crispy for the whole day. Fry the first time until golden brown, then reheat the oil to a higher temperature and refry them quickly till red-brown. This should make them very crispy and the crispiness should last for a long time.