God told me to read this scripture today:

https://www.facebook.com/hoangduy.tran/posts/10218144179144118

This is the English link to it:

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm+39&version=ISV

where the scripture said:


4 “Lord, let me know how my life ends,[c]
    and the standard by which you will measure[d] my days, whatever it is!
        Then I will know how transient my life is.
5 Look, you have made my life span fit in your hand;
    It is nothing compared to yours.
        Surely every person at their best is a puff of wind.
Interlude
6 In fact, people walk around as shadows.
    Surely, they busy themselves for nothing,
        heaping up possessions but not knowing who will get them.

Very clearly scripture says:

"they busy themselves for nothing,
        heaping up possessions but not knowing who will get them."

Don't fall into this trap of common life mistakes, worrying about the possession. If you do love David then marry him, regardless of what might involve. The children will have to worry about their homes and their own possessions, do not feel as if you NEED to provide for them. They WILL have to hunt for their needs. Avoid the needs to PROVE yourself's worth to ANYONE, not with Thang, with his parents, with mom, with me OR anyone else. We LOVE YOU as who you are, not what you have. With me, my love for arts is NOTHING, it's just an enjoyment, entertainment gift the Lord has given me since birth. To me, living strong, healthy and having enough for self, to help others IS ENOUGH in itself. I did have the intention to become rich but the Lord has DONE everything in HIS power to loosen me from its claws and damnations. Instead, HE gave me strength and the joy of living. THAT'S ALL I EVER NEEDED AND WANTED. I've been living with money and I can feel how trapped it was slowly. I became obsessed with having more and PROTECT what I had, became more and more selfish and withdrawn. THAT'S NOT THE LIFE I DREAMED. I like to live the life where I do not have to worry too much about food and a place to keep warm at night, but that's ALL. I want a BIG FAMILY and always have something to do and worry about other's needs, which bring joyce to my heart when I help them to lighten the load. I want to laugh inwardly and outwardly, worry about NOTHING. Everyday is a PEACEFUL and HAPPY day of life. That's why, though I know I'm poor, whenever I saw someone in needs I will try to give them money. I found out that by doing that, my heart is filled with joy and love, happiness. That's why I don't hold back posting the best photos I captured on FaceBook, the LORD is in EVERYONE's heart. I'm serving the LORD that way. You do not have the chance to live with ông ngoại và bác Hiền bên Hàng Cót. They both have a kind of laugh that is SO genuine and FREE. Like a baby's laugh, innocent and no holding back whatsoever. I loved to have that kind of LAUGHS. I wish you do as well. You and mom used to laugh like mad and it's so natural. OK? 