If you want to keep your weight down and food won’t affect your weight then try to learn how to cook noodle and soups. These days, I only eat this and virtually stopped cooking rice altogether. I cook a large pot of soup, with chicken thighs or pork bones (frozen) and keep the pot in the fridge, it can last for days, and boiled noodles (cook a few coils of noodles and drop them into a tight covered plastic box, keep in fridge), buy the dried noodle box from Wing Yip (http://www.lion-noodles.co.uk/products/dry-noodles/), and keep it in the fridge as well, together with boiled meat (I buy £10.00 chicken breast, cook them in soya sauce, like this method (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtdkjvo522g) - with the chicken breasts, however, the timing is MUCH shorter, I learned that to cook the breast to a just right point is to cook them in the sauce for 4-5 mins, rest for 10-20 mins (I score the breasts halfway down - do not cut through into pieces - so they cook easier), I know it’s in Cantonese, but there are embedded English instructions on the screen, which you can follow - the box of £10.00 of chicken breasts lasted me about 2 weeks). I also get some carrots, Chinese white cabbage, or Chinese turnip, and sliced them out, cook them in the soup whenever I’m having a bowl - drop them in from cold and bring about 5 ladles of soup to the boiling point,  take the vegetables out, they are still crispy but soft enough. Then drop in the cold noodle from the box, the slices of chicken breast, onion stalk (the bottom part of the spring onions), leave for about 1 minute, then take them out to the bowl, add some chicken powder or Maggi sauce in the soup to your flavour, garnish with some chopped onion leaves (the top part of the spring onions), a drizzle of sesame oil, and pour the soup on top.

This is how I cook a soup: drop the chicken thighs or pork bones into a stockpot, pour water in to the pot, just enough to cover the bones (very little, as we will throw this water away), bring to boiled point, leave for 1 min, then throw the water away, wash the bones or thighs of any residues on the surface. This process will ensure the stock will be absolutely clear. Put the bones or thighs back in to the pot, pour the water to 3/4 of the pot (leave gaps for water to expand in heat and not overflown once boiled), turn heat to full, time the cooking process to about 20-25 mins, depends on the size of the pot to about 98ºC (before the boiling point), turn heat to low and time it for 2 hours (the souple will boil slowly but the stock is absolutely clear, drop in the salt, chicken powder, leave gaps of saltiness for others to accomodate, allowing them to add more if required when consuming). Prepare some garnish for the soup while it’s cooking: Drop an onion (halved, purple ones are good), and a large piece of ginger (smashed, but not broken into pieces) into a wok/saucepan, heat them up (without any oil is preferred, but you can add a teaspoon in if you are in a hurry, to make the process of heat transfering quicker), until they release fragrance, then drop them into the soup pot (if you’re planning to have the soup with fresh beef then drop also a small chunk of cinnamon and a clove of star-anise, one dried cardamom into the ingredients as well).

After two hours, turn off the heat, of the stockpot, leave it to cool down to room temperature and keep it in a fridge - if needed, buy a small fridge to keep it in,. This is the main ingredient for the noodle in soup dishes. 

You will find by eating noodle in soup, you do not need to drink lots of water during the day, also it will fill you up quickly, and you do not crave for anything  between meals, I learned to cook some ‘banh quay’ to fill me up if I felt like needing some starches. I buy lots of fruits, and have them as often as I felt like it. Virtually stopped having sweets and cakes, biscuits, or chips. I have noodle for breakfast, lunch, dinner. I know the diet is rather simple but that is how I kept my weight down, without having to do regular exercises. You do need exercises but do it as a mater of needs than anything else, that way, you don’t exhaust your body.