Dear chi Gail,
No, it is not something you've described. The pain is human introduced. It feels like either a effects of dark magic, like punching a needle on a doll (that is the only image I have and can express in words), or that some kind of electrical signals in sent to a particular spot on my shoulder. The spot of pain and the level varies day to day, time to time. Last couple of days, when I had a rather unfortunate event with my constipation, due to eating dry food without vegetables for a few days continuously, I did pray God and asked Him for helps, and the help did came in the end, but during the time of desperation, I did commit a sin of disobeying God and spoken to my mom about the condition I am experiencing, and listened to her advise to take 3 pills she gave. I prayed to ask God for forgiveness before taking the drug for I know I was not totally 'Trust God with all your heart and lean not on your understanding' (Proverb 3). I paid for my disobedience. A few hours later, resting in my bed, I could release the constipation before the rush of pain under the drug effects came to torture my body. The pain was so much, I felt as if I'm going to fall fainted. Finally I flooded out the content of my intestine, after which I felt so weak, I had to craw into my bed and fell into a sleep for a few hours. When I woke up in the morning, I felt the pain on my shoulder has left me. I could work and eat normally again. But starting from yesterday afternoon, the pain slowly came back and is now has virtually stiffen my neck again. I can sit in one spot and do some typing on my computer table, but any attempt to move will enhance the pain level on my shoulder. I honestly don't know what to do and how to get rid of the pain. Please can you ask God to release me from this bondage? I wanted to finish to translate the Blender documentation to Vietnamese but this pain made it virtually impossible to concentrate and do anything. How is that the Lord told me to read Psalms 24, where He said: 

3 
Who may ascend the mountain of the Lord?[b]
    Who may stand in his Holy Place?
4 
The one who has innocent hands and a pure heart;
    the person who does not delight in what is false
        and does not swear an oath deceitfully.

and yet allowing this pain on my body, which virtually stopped me from fulfilling my promises?