
Dear Mr Tran,

The blood test that you recently declined was for diabetes. On the last test you were found to be a pre diabetic. I would strongly encourage you to follow up and have a blood test repeat.
Thanks, Dr Sarah Hillson
The Junction Hth Ctr-Registered Patients
(Message from The Junction Health Clinic, on 07/02/2022, at 15:21, doctor Sarah Hillson)

Dear Doctor
Thank you so much for showing such great concerns about my health situation. It's a truly heart felt compassion and care. I'm very grateful. 

You probably have heard that I declined to see the physiotherapist as well as the diet sessions preventing diabetic that you have suggested I should attend, for I believe the Lord, God, is the actual deliverer of my health conditions, and my faith has been proven conclusive. 

I can show you two pictures I have taken. One showing the amount of weight loss I have obtained, from 75.5kg down to 70.0kg, with no efforts from me to either dieting or exercising, while the other will reveal how much bodily heat the condition created. I had to stripped down to my T-Shirt to avoid being over-heated on the road, whilst the temperature outside so lo, virtually freezing, and other people around me had to have a heavy coat on to protect them from cold.

About my weight loss, due to the fact I inherited a weak body, from being immaturely born after only a 7 months pregnancy in Hanoi, Vietnam, with not much muscle development, as you have probably observed, and so I could not have done any exercises to the point losing so much weight myself, nor do I have a financial sufficiency to allow me to do such a thing. 

God knew that and He has saved me by giving me the pain on my shoulders, and that was the reason I came to see you, for I had never experience such a thing before and had no idea about the cause of it. 

A nurse friend of mine in USA told me that it sounded like I had 'rotator cuff' injuries when I described the conditions I'm experiencing, but my sister, who is a practicing podiatrist and chiropodist, told me I could not have such a condition, because I had never exercise hard enough to have cause such a condition. 

I did a little research online and found this advise:

‘Pain do not burn calories but in such conditions hormones like adrenaline would be released in the body.

This would increase your heart and breathing rate. Also it would signal the liver to convert glycogen to glucose which will be consumed by muscles at a faster rate. Your body may spend much more energy healing the wounds. All these are indirect effects. So the answer can be YES’.
(https://www.quora.com/Does-pain-burn-calories)

That explains the appearance of hight glucose level in my blood as you have observed from the blood test result and the amount of bodily heat I'm experiencing. It's like I'm exercising madly when in fact, physically I'm doing nothing.

The Lord, God, told me to read the book of Psalms 12 on 01/06/2021, and it says:

"5 “Because the poor are being oppressed,
    because the needy are sighing,
    I will now arise,” says the Lord,
        “I will establish in safety those who yearn for it.”
6 
The words of the Lord are pure,
    like silver refined in an earthen furnace,
        purified seven times over.
(https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Psalm+12&version=ISV)

and I got the shoulder pain the next day. I have shared with friends on Facebook the verse:

"19 You know that your body is a sanctuary of the Holy Spirit who is in you, whom you have received from God, don’t you? You do not belong to yourselves," 
(https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1+Corinthians+6&version=ISV)

and said to them: "If our body is NOT belonged to ourselves, then LET the Lord take care of it".

Well, here it is. I have lost weight and the hand of the Lord is STILL on me, to overlooking my level of food intake daily, so when I'm over doing it, I felt a great pain, but when I'm not 'stuffing myself' then the pain is lessen. 

So, thanks again for showing concerns about my health situation, but please be at peace as God has already done that.
 
Sincerely yours,
Hoang Duy Tran
 